[NARRATOR] Gold Roger,
the King of the Pirates,
attained every treasure that
the world had to offer.
Smiling, even as he
stood upon the scaffold,
he issued a challenge
to the world.
[GOLD ROGER]
You want my treasure?
You can have it!
I left everything I gathered
together in one place.
Now, you just have to find it!
[NARRATOR]
Now, those who dare to dream
hoist their flags and sail
into the Great Pirate Era!
[NARRATOR] All pirates searching
for the treasure One Piece
must brave the second
half of the Grand Line.
These wild and dangerous seas
are known as the New World.
Gold Roger and his crew
were the only men
to ever chart these waters
and learn all the
secrets they held.
For the rest of the
pirates of the world,
this has proven to be
the end of the road.
A graveyard of dreams.
Now, Monkey D. Luffy, a boy
whose body became rubber
after eating the Gum Gum Fruit,
sets sail into the New World
with his faithful crew.
I'm gonna be the
King of the Pirates!
[NARRATOR] During their
journey to the New World,
Luffy and his crew arrive
on Fishman Island,
which is located 10,000
meters below sea level.
The Fishman Pirates,
led by Hordy Jones,
and assisted by Vander Decken,
plot to overthrow King Neptune.
It is not long before
the Straw Hats
get pulled into the conflict,
and find themselves in the
midst of an all-out war!
After a change of plans,
Hordy threatens to
crush the entire island
under the weight
of a massive ship.
My axe will end this
once and for all!
We were too late! It's falling!
It's right on target, too.
[yelling]
[BOTH gasping]
They're all going to die!
Is there nothing we can do?
[LUFFY] "Luffy Loses the Fight?!
Hordy's Long-Awaited Revenge!"
[laughs]
[HORDY] So he finally
gave up the ghost.
Now his ability will
lose its effect.
Which means the Noah's about
to come plummeting down!
This is the end, Straw Hats!
For you, and for all those
who stood in the way
of my vengeance!
What're we gonna do now?
I don't know.
[FUKABOSHI] Surely there must
be some way to stop the ship!
[HORDY]
Perhaps.
But even if you could stop it,
you would still have to
go through me first.
And if memory serves,
that didn't work out
so well last time.
[laughs]
We'll stop you!
[FUKABOSHI]
If the Noah falls,
it spells the end
for our kingdom.
And the hundreds of
years that were spent
protecting that legendary vessel
will have been all for naught!
[NEPTUNE]
Listen well, my sons.
The ship of promise, Noah,
is much more than
some ancient relic.
[NEPTUNE]
Centuries ago,
a promise was made
to a great man.
And for our people to
keep that promise,
the Noah is not to be
moved from the seafloor
until the time is right.
Even today, there is still much
we do not know about this ship,
including the means by
which it was constructed.
And yet, until its purpose is
served, it must be protected.
It will, Father. I swear.
You needn't worry.
We will find out
why it was moved
and set this matter right.
[FUKABOSHI] It's not enough
to save my people,
I must save the Noah as well!
Poor Straw Hat.
You're fresh out of hope.
Might as well just sit back
and watch the show,
because you and I both
know you don't have
a chance in hell of stopping me.
[laughs]
What's the matter?
If you're still planning to save
those friends of yours
from a watery grave,
you'd better stop
gawking and get to it!
Or did you really give
up hope after all?
Whatever happened to that
unfounded bravado of yours?
What a joke!
I'm not done!
I'm gonna tear that thing to
pieces before it hits land!
No, you mustn't do that!
Even if you do have enough
strength to destroy it,
the Noah has a long history,
and its destined purpose
is still unfulfilled!
There's no time.
You got a better way to
save the island, huh?
My friends will die!
What's more important?
That boat or your people?
It's possible that Decken
is simply unconscious.
If we wake him up,
we may have just enough
time to redirect the Noah
before it's too late.
And what if he's dead?
Then how are we gonna stop it?
We gotta destroy the ship!
Why can't you just stop
and think things through?
Not getting along, are we?
Well, while you're arguing, just
know, your time is running out.
[laughs]
Please don't fall, Noah!
The people on Fishman Island
are very dear to me!
Sir Decken, if you're still
living, then please allow me
to become the Noah's
target once again!
Have mercy on the
island, I beg of you!
I think I'll go ahead
and kill you now.
I'm afraid you'll have to
witness the destruction
of the Ryugu Kingdom
from beyond the grave.
Fishman Karate!
[MANBOSHI]
Shirahoshi!
And Sea Drums!
[SHIRAHOSHI]
Are you all right, brother?
Manboshi!
[HORDY laughs]
Don't think for a moment
I've forgotten about you.
Fishman Karat--
Knock it off!
Move aside, boy!
[LUFFY]
Second Gear!
Gum-Gum...
Oh, Luffy, no!
Now, Jet Pistol!
Dammit.
The Armament Haki protects
me against punches,
but I guess this is too much.
Gotta watch out for those teeth.
Being underwater's not
helping me, either.
Only one way to beat
this guy. Now let's go!
[yells]
So the little coward wants
to fight me on the Noah?
Right. 'Cause there's
air on the deck.
Smart move.
But I'm still smarter.
[LUFFY] If I can get in there,
I can beat him with one hit.
I knew it. He's cutting through!
Oh, no! So sorry to burst
your bubble, Straw Hat.
[laughs]
That's no good!
How am I gonna beat him
if I can't even breathe?
[gasps]
[HORDY laughing]
You humans aren't
nearly so tough
when you're out of your element.
You're even weaker than a fish
out of water, one might say.
If you're no match for me,
how can you hope
to stop the Noah?
It's over. Just die!
No! Gum-Gum...
[LUFFY]
...Snake Shot!
Come on.
Do you think I'd
be stupid enough
to be hit by the
same attack twice?
So, which will be first?
All your companions
being crushed
under the weight of the Noah,
or you embracing
death at my hands?
I wonder.
Aw, crap. If he breaks my
bubble again, I am dead!
This is getting old, Straw Hat!
[SHIRAHOSHI]
Luffy!
[FUKABOSHI]
Sister!
Yes? What is it, Fukaboshi?
[FUKABOSHI]
Please listen carefully.
Straw Hat is in your hands now.
What should I--?
As for me, I must
stop Hordy somehow.
Sister, you may not
understand, but trust me.
Do not stray from the Noah.
No matter what
happens. All right?
Yes.
This is just too easy.
There's no way
I can miss you now.
Agh. Dammit!
Time to say goodbye!
[gasps] What happened?
[SHIRAHOSHI]
I'm here.
Forgive me if that was rough.
[LUFFY]
Weepyhoshi. Hey!
Fukaboshi asked me to
help you in his stead.
[LUFFY]
He's gonna fight?
This is sick. What did those
people ever do to you?
What kind of heartless
person values life so little?
Tell me!
Better heartless
than weak, right?
You three are supposed
to be the strongest
in the Ryugu Kingdom.
Just look at you!
Though, what can you expect
from the sons of that
spineless Otohime?
Without an ounce of
pride for her race,
it's no wonder she
died like a dog
trying to get along with humans.
That's her only legacy.
And three useless sons who
can't save their own kingdom.
[HORDY laughing]
What're they doing?
He's coming back this way.
[FUKABOSHI]
I'm not too proud to admit:
Even though your power
was falsely acquired,
I wasn't strong enough
to vanquish you.
But... still, I have hope!
Merman Combat...
Ultramarine Technique!
You still don't get it, do you?
It's a lost cause!
You can't even put
a scratch on me!
What I don't understand, Hordy,
is how you can seek to destroy
so many of your fellow men
and still feel nothing!
What is it you want
that's worth killing for?
[laughing]
What do you stand to gain
if Fishman Island ceases to be?
Stop this! Ultra...
[HORDY]
Shark Slicer!
--...Marine!
--[HORDY] Farewell.
[gasps]
[SHIRAHOSHI]
Fukaboshi, no!
[gasps]
[HORDY laughs]
Too bad, you pitiful prince.
Regardless of where it came
from, my power's quite real.
Okay. All that's left now
is to get rid of you two.
Damn it.
Mark my words... Your ill-gotten
strength will never best me.
Heh. A little late
to be saying that.
[FUKABOSHI]
Hordy, what's happened to you?
At first, you wanted our people
to rise up against humans.
This makes sense,
even if it's misguided.
But now you would have
the entire population
of Fishman Island be
put to death instead!
There are people living
in the Fishman District
who were once your allies!
What you're doing doesn't
benefit anyone--not even you!
Why can't you see that, Hordy?!
Is there something I don't know?
Or is your hatred so deep
that you've abandoned your
sense of reason entirely?
Tell me the cause
of this madness.
Did humans attack you?
Did they torment you
in some untold manner?
Did they kill your friends?
Did they hurt your family?
Did they take something
you hold dear?
Answer me, damn it!
What did humans do to you
that was so unforgivable?
Why? What in this world
could inspire such cruelty?
[inaudible]
[FUKABOSHI groans]
[gasps]
[SHIRAHOSHI]
Brother! Please don't die!
Seriously?
Hey! Your brother
needs us! Let's go!
Come on, Weepyhoshi!
Snap out of it!
Where are we going? Hold on!
Sister, you may not
understand, but trust me.
Do not stray from the Noah.
No matter what
happens. All right?
Weepyhoshi.
[TRANSPONDER SNAIL A ringing]
[TRANSPONDER SNAIL A]
Ca-lick.
[AMMO KNIGHT A] Straw Hat Luffy,
this is the Air Tank.
We've met before, remember?
Oh. Yeah, hey, guys.
[AMMO KNIGHT A]
We've been listening
to what's happening out there.
And we can see the Noah
hurtling toward the island.
We've begun making the
preparations as we've discussed.
So that's what Brother-hoshi
meant before.
[HORDY]
I've got business there, too.
What is this?
Well? Aren't you gonna go?
Not yet. We must be cautious.
But if we don't follow
him, he'll get away!
Hordy's obviously up
to something here.
And more importantly,
we have to be ready to face
him underwater again.
Stay alert.
[LUFFY]
So what do we do?
[FUKABOSHI]
I have an idea.
Hey! Where are we off to?
Brother-hoshi!
[AMMO KNIGHT A] Prince
Fukaboshi? What brings you here?
[FUKABOSHI] It's quite possible
that we're going to need
a large amount of air very soon.
Please make arrangements for us.
[AMMO KNIGHTS]
Sir!
I can handle this!
There's supposed to be some
air on the deck, right?
If I can breathe,
there's no problem!
Decken needs the bubble,
that much is true.
However, Hordy may
still destroy it
if worst comes to worse.
Take this baby
Transponder Snail.
This will be our last resort
in the event that
things go poorly.
We must be prepared
for anything.
Oh, Luffy. I don't
know what to do!
My brother told me that
I should protect you
and to stay close to
the Noah at any cost.
But I don't understand what
good that will do us now.
Hang on. I think I know.
Hey, guys.
What do we need to do to
get a little air from you?
[AMMO KNIGHT A] We can shoot out
all the air in the Air Tank.
[LUFFY]
What is that thing for anyway?
[AMMO KNIGHT A] It's an
air-conditioning facility
that provides air
for Fishman Island.
If we create a big
bubble and shoot it,
maybe it'll surround the Noah.
However, the bubble would
neutralize ascending forces,
so it's not going to make the
Noah stop or reverse course.
On top of that, we'd have
to use all the air we've got
to make the bubble big
enough to hold the ship.
And it would crash long
before we could resupply.
What I mean, is we've
only got one chance.
If we don't manage to
send out the bubble
at the exact moment the Noah
moves closest to the Air Tank,
then we're done.
It's over.
[LUFFY]
All riding on one shot, huh?
Wow. Better not miss.
[AMMO KNIGHT A] Right.
I'm afraid that's all we can do.
After we deploy the bubble,
the rest is up to you.
I should reiterate, this i--
Don't make it more complicated.
Just go for it, okay?
If I can breathe,
I'll make this work.
All right, roger that.
We'll do our best
not to miss the ship.
And, Luffy? Everyone here
is counting on you.
[HORDY]
They're swimming alongside it.
You're just a lowly human
and a cowardly mermaid.
What can you two possibly
hope to accomplish now?
Shark Slicer!
[screams]
Out of my way.
[yells]
Armament Hardening!
[HORDY yells]
[HORDY roaring]
[laughing]
[yells]
No way. He got even bigger?
Ready to give up?
You should be, human.
Just the sight of you vile worms
makes me sick to my stomach.
Even if it shortens my life,
and even if I have to sacrifice
everything in this world,
I swear to you,
I will have my revenge
against the human race.
Hordy.
You've only got one shot,
so you'd better not miss!
If this doesn't work,
the whole island's done for!
[FUKABOSHI]
Can you hear me, Straw Hat?
Oh, dear. That's my
brother's voice!
Hey, buddy. Are you okay?
[FUKABOSHI] I'm barely alive.
But please, listen.
He spoke earlier, and--
It's clear now. Hordy is--
[laughing]
[NARRATOR] The Straw
Hats continue their battle
with the Fishman Pirates,
having faith that Luffy
will carry out his mission.
Neptune's Army aids them
in their struggle,
finally accepting
the crew as allies.
As the fight continues,
Fukaboshi's Transponder Snail
reveals the sober truth
behind Hordy's motivations
to all of Fishman Island.
[LUFFY]
On the next One Piece!
"A Shocking Fact!
The True Identity of Hordy!"
I'm gonna be
King of the Pirates!